
Not all units have been added and certain roles are missing atm.
So far only Tech 1 has been added to date with a 3 roles missing from its genre.
Tech 2 structuring still being analyzed but a plausible road has been set to be added in due process and time.
This is simply a teaser.

Balancing Issues:

Early Game:
Keeping to the main theme of Volhelians Guardians of Kadesh, its quite an unususal race.

The commander is slower than the arm commander but not as slow, and had a funky color for dgun. It has dual cannon weapons for faster fire rate and damage but for the most part is not very unique.
Advantages = Simply Well rounded, can hit air units better.
Disadvantages = Nothing exagerated.

Guardians tech 1 involves potentially building a small base before buidling an expensive lab, or vise versa dedication, regardless after the lab is built the guardians will not have much purchase power. Raiding should be effective against them, but the light laser towers while weaker cost cheaper so is faster to get up and firing in time. The labs are combined with other roles and they lack a 1.5 tech hovercrafts. However they have strong tech 1 that involves an arty unit that other races do not have which makes them able to push far more effectively. With their small fusions, if they can get going, they can have a strong tech 1 economy respectable midgame.

Mid Game:
There is not much mid game for guardians, they simply transition to expensive tech 2 labs that are once again roles smashed together. Perhaps a lack of activity on the frontline and vulnerability will be marked by guardians expensive tech 2 labs.
However once a lab is made the units should be quite strong as well with true tech 2 hovercrafts to boot.

Late game:
Getting a few higher tier generators, and some mohos. You can venture into the stardocks, which can build carriers, ultimate builders, ultimate bombers, and ultimate saucer. A large land vehicle to boot and perhaps. Still looking into options but should be rewarding.


